Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
"Shall we start?"
"If there was a palm
tree in your yard"
"and its roots grew long and it turns
out it's going to bother you someday"
"Would you cut it straight away?"
"Or would you cut it
after it grows the dates?"
"You're so strange"
"I finally saw you laughing. Yussef"
"You have grown. Yussef. and
your features have grown. too"
"What are you doing. Uncle Fawzi?"
"I'm sorry. I'm just
getting into character"
"Getting into character? How many
followers do you have on this program?"
four
- Do you think this is okay?
- What can I do. Son?
I've been dreaming of becoming
an artist and an actor for 40 years
Are you trying to fulfill your
dream now. Uncle Fawzi?
Is it too late for me?
Very much so
Your performance is very bad. too
Okay. thank you for saying that
Stop playing backgammon
you've brought us poverty
Is backgammon what's
bringing us poverty. Mr. Fathi?
So what if it really
brought it to us?
We're not better off than
those around us. Hamouda
Just thank God
Thank God for everything
You know. I learned
something from this job
That life is too short
No. that kerosene-powered
cars are disgusting
What is wrong with kerosene cars?
Can you find one like them nowadays?
Yes. we can find it at
the museum. Mr. Sameer
What if I tell you that
this car that you don't like
transported people who
are better than you and me
but they never complained
or said anything?
- Because they're dead
- But they're polite
- Yes
- Just so you know
You will need this
car sooner or later
I hope I don't need
it or you. Mr. Sameer
- I hope so
Get to work. you have to
move several dead bodies
Listen. Hamouda
Give him a hundred
pounds to refuel the car
- A hundred pounds?
- Isn't it enough?
I'll use Fawzi's car
Leave the artist's car
because I need it
Here
Sing us something. artist!
Sing you something?
I'm an actor
He's going to meet someone
who's better than all of us
Hang in there. he's going to meet
someone who's better than you and me
- Damn you!
- What's wrong with you?
Get away from him!
- It's none of your business!
- You must respect the dead!
"Make way! Make way!"
Make way!
Make way. please!
Pass through here
"Ask the plumber to do your makeup!"
What's going on?
Some women fighting
That's fun
Women's fights are fun
Have they reached the hair
pulling and clothes tearing stage?
Not yet. but go there fast. as your
wife Safaa is the one who's fighting
You bastard!
You're letting your brother's
wife fight and just watching!
They fight every day. Fathi!
- Let's go separate them
- We get beaten up every day. Fathi!
Go park the car!
- Okay
- "I say this to everyone in general"
and I say it to you specifically
I'll step on the neck of anyone
who hits my son Zakaria again
Don't say words bigger than you. Safaa
Besides. all the neighborhood boys hit
your son. will you only punish my son?
No. I won't. I'll make him stand
in the middle of the neighborhood
and get hit by all passers-by
What are you doing. you idiot?
What are you doing?
Like mother like son. dear!
What's the matter. Safaa?
- What is the matter?
- This woman's son hit Zakaria
and she doesn't like getting scolded
- Did he hit you. Zeko?
- He did. Daddy
These things happen between
kids. it's okay. let's go. Safaa
"It's okay"? Is that the
best you can do. Fathi?
What did you want him to do to me?
Did you bring him knowing that I'm a
lonely lady with no man to fend for me?
What are you saying?
Do you think I'm going
to fight with you. Om Ali?
How sweet!
- Why don't you hug her?
- Safaa!
- Shall I bring you a light dinner?
- Be respectful and shut up. Safaa!
Come on. Safaa. that's enough scandals
I'll show you at home. Fathi
Move. boy! Get out of the way!
- Leave!
- Wait. Safaa
I'll show you at home. Fathi
Read me the name
Mrs.. Hana
Hello? Hello. Ma'am
The food is ready and
it'll be there in half an hour
Wow!
Thank you so much. Om Fathi
Go in front of me. you idiot!
How could you make a scene
in the neighborhood. Safaa?
Did I say something wrong? Standing
in front of her in your undershirt?
Everyone stands in the
balcony in their undershirt!
Besides. we don't have
anything else. Safaa
Why are you yelling?
Nothing. Dad. a few kids fought while
playing together in the neighborhood
Would Safaa let it go in peace?
No. she has to commit a crime first
Kids. you in the undershirt?
I see
It's not about the kids then
You're just taking out
on the woman. Safaa
Tell me. what is it?
It's your son. Uncle
Your son is just like you
He wears his undershirt and
parades in front of women
So what? He's a good son
who takes after his dad
Stand however you want
Son. may she be yours
What would I expect from a man
who betrayed the woman who loved him
and remarried three others?
- What woman?
- She's talking about mom. Dad
Didn't you take your medicine today?
Looks like you didn't. why didn't
dad take his medicine. Safaa?
- I gave it to him myself this morning
- Why is he out of it then?
He's been like this
ever since I've met him
- What is this smell?
- It's food burning
Oh my God!
- Oh my God! Oh my God!
- What is the matter?
See your dad's actions?
See what he's doing to us?
Pardon him. Safaa. he's an old man
with Alzheimer's. he's very forgetful
- Show me your beautiful hands
- What are you saying?
Why are the madam's dishes open?
A cat must've gotten in
here while you were out
A cat?
Did the cat open the dishes
put the okra on top of the
rice. and eat it with a spoon?
It's possible. Safaa
What did I do to you to
hurt my business like this?
That's unfair! I took care of
you after your wives left you!
- Stop it. stop it. Safaa!
- Why did you do this to me?
Calm down. we'll
figure it out. Safaa!
The madam has a banquet
What should I do now?
Tell her your husband
had a car accident
And how will I return
the money to her?
- I have 75 pounds
- 75 what?
- What? Calm down. calm down
- 75 what? What have you done!
- Calm down. he's my dad. Safaa
- He's my dad. Safaa. calm down
- Get up. you idiot!
- Get up. you idiot! Get up!
- What are you doing?
- Get up. you idiot!
- Take it easy!
- Get up! Go in front of me!
- Watch out!
How could you do this. Dad?
She's a liar. I didn't eat anything
I didn't eat anything today
Shall I bring you food?
No. I just ate
Isn't your mother back yet?
No. mom isn't back. Dad
since she died nine years
ago and will never come back
We're the ones who will go to her
It's God's will
Take me to Dalal then
No. don't do it
Dalal is such a grouch
Take me to Inaam
They've all left you. Dad
- All of them?
- All of them abandoned you. Richard
Don't complain!
- Get out. Zakaria
- I want to play on the street
You won't go out to the street
go and sit with your grandpa
I appreciate that
you've endured so much
and are enduring more
than you can handle
- But still...
- When are we getting a divorce. Fathi?
I'm tired
I'm sick and tired of everything
You're tired?
Are you tired of me. Safaa?
No. Fathi. you are precious to me
But I'm tired of your
dad and his actions
and of Issam and his daily disasters
The house is too crowded
I can't take it anymore
What do you want me to do. Safaa?
Should I throw them in the street?
I'd cut my tongue out
and I wouldn't say that
But I do everything I can for
everyone. and no one appreciates me
I appreciate you. Safaa
I know I'm not the
best man in the world
But I'm doing the best I can
That's just the most I can do
Safaa
I have no one but
you in this world. Safaa
and I love no one else in this
whole world as much as I love you
Me too. Fathi
But this life has become unbearable
It'll get better and everything
will be okay in the future
The future is the only
thing that scares me
I'm scared you'd
turn out like your dad
and abandon me like
he abandoned your mom
What's this. Safaa?
You're judging me now?
Of course not. Fathi!
But if you're going to abandon
me. do it now while I'm young
But if you do it when I'm old
who will take care of me then?
Your mind is messing with you. Safaa
more and more as the days go by!
If that's the case. answer me
when are we getting a divorce?
Okay
Let's go to the registrar
tomorrow and get divorced. Safaa
Wait
I'll make you some food
No. I'm full
Get ready. Ajwa. I'm
getting close to the target
Do you need something. my friend?
Do you need something?
What have you got. my friend?
I have everything. whatever you want
I need it all. go. Ajwa!
Go. Ajwa! Come on!
I swear I will get you!
I will get you! I will get you!
Well done! Well done. boss!
What are you talking about?
It only has cough medicine in it
How will we be able
to record the song then?
We'll drink the whole medicine
bottle and record the song
"Drunk Abdo"
"woke up with regrets"
"because he feels sick"
"He gets slapped again
and again under the tree"
"A powerful kick from Ahmad Naser. a
high and far kick. he aims. but misses
Good evening!
Sit down. Issam. I want to talk to you
What do you want. Dad?
Where are Mushir Hanafi. Hadi
Khashabah and Ahmed Hanafi?
Did they upset Saleh Selim?
Why are Al-Ahly plays
with Its juniors?
- What do you mean juniors. Dad?
- Like toddlers
What about them. Dad?
Did they bother you?
No. they didn't bother me
Tell me if they did
and I'll scold them. Dad!
Are you drunk. man?
Yes. I am. Dad. so I
can forget everything
Where is Fathi?
He went out with your mother
May she rest in peace. Dad
May she rest in peace. Dad!
- "May she rest in peace"
- Dad
- What is it?
Uncle Issam has been
looking for you since he arrived
and he doesn't know you're here
All of us in this house are
looking for something. Zeko
Looks like your mom is right
Dad. why do you and mom always fight?
Will all those fights ever end?
Yes. they will
But life was unfair to
us and suffocated us
Its pressure gets worse with
time and leaves us on our nerves
We can't stand a single
word from each other
- Dad
- What?
What are we living for?
What?
What's this question. Zeko?
Are watching the
educational Nile channel?
I thought about it and
decided to ask this question
We live to wake up in
the morning. go to work
and earn some money. then we
go back home to eat and go to sleep
Then what?
Then. we wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we go back home
to eat and go to sleep
Then what. Zeko?
We wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we eat and go to sleep
Exactly. then what?
We wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we eat and go to sleep
Then what. Zeko?
We wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we eat and go to sleep
Great. then what?
We wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we eat and go to sleep
"Great. then what?"
We wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we eat and go to sleep
"Great. then what. Zeko?"
We wake up in the morning
go to work and earn some money
Then. we eat and go to sleep
Fathi
Fathi!
- Fathi!
- What is it?
What's the matter. Issam?
Some people are
waiting for you downstairs
to talk about Zeko. they
said they wanted his dad
Oh my God! Could it be
that he hurt some kid's head?
- Damn you. Safaa
- What's the matter. Son?
What's this!
- "Can you tell us what your name is?"
- "Zakaria"
- Where are they?
- There they are! The guy and the girl
What's wrong? What did
he do? What did you do?
- Are you his dad?
- Yes. I am
- What did you do. Son?
- He didn't do anything
I'm here to interview him
before he gets into the contest
- What contest?
- "The Smartest Kid in Egypt"
What does my son have to do
with "The Smartest Kid in Egypt"?
The Ministry of Education rated him as
one of the three smartest kids in Egypt
My son?
Him!
We used to feed him
"Mofataqa" as a baby
"What's wrong? Which
of you is his father?"
- What's wrong?
- Come see your son
- Who is this?
- He's the registrar
Go now. please. I'll talk to you later
Come see what your son did first
What did he do? Don't tell me he hit
anyone. the poor boy only gets beaten
No. Ma'am. it's not like that
Your son is one of the
three smartest kids in Egypt
He entered a contest
to choose the smartest kid
Don't look at me. I'm
just as shocked as you
The Ministry will take good care of
your son. if he wins this contest
It'll send him to study abroad in
the biggest academies in the world
He could even become like Ahmed Zewail
- Zewail?
- Didn't you get the letter?
We didn't. we didn't get anything
We did get a letter
but I don't remember where I put it
Uncle Khamis
Dear Uncle Khamis
Calm down and try to remember
and I'll forgive you
for the food you ate
What matters is the boy's future
Dad. please. dad remember
where exactly you put the letter
What letter?
He doesn't even remember
what happened five minutes ago!
He might've even put
it in the refrigerator!
What's this mess we're in!
Let's turn the house
upside down. Fathi
Let's go
What's wrong. Safaa? What is it?
Get this trash out of the way!
- What's the matter. Safaa?
- Zewail!
Zewail!
What's this!
What's this! Dad lost his
memory. what's your excuse?
- What are you doing?
- I'm rolling a cigarette
You're using the letter we
searched the whole house for?
You can't throw the tobacco
away and waste it like that!
- What's wrong with you?
- You mindless idiot
Come on. read it
It's true. Zakaria Fathi Khamis and the
contest will be held in Siwa Oasis
"Protocol between the Ministries
of Education and Tourism"
"to revitalize domestic tourism"
What does this mean?
It means that some big officials met
and agreed on something important
"Accommodation for the
kid and his family in the hotel"
"one day before the contest
and the contest will be held..."
the day after tomorrow
What about you? How do
your dad and mom treat you?
They fight every day
then they make up
That's not what I mean. I
mean. what does your dad do?
- Are you in a relationship?
- What?
Are you in a relationship?
Let's run away from here
Marry me and I will open
a hairdressing salon for you
Let's go
Can you believe this. Fathi?
Can you believe your son is a genius?
I can neither read nor write
How could this kid. drunk Issam's
nephew. turn out to be a genius?
Of course not. Safaa
How can I believe it. it
doesn't make any sense
But that's what the government
said. and the letter is in our hands
Do we know better than
the government. Safaa?
No. of course not. how could we?
- What will we do?
- We have to leave before dawn
Yes. let's leave before dawn
Let's postpone the divorce for a few
days until we make sure our son is okay
Yes. that's right
That's right. Safaa
Do you think he'll win the contest?
Shouldn't we go to
the contest first. Safaa?
Traveling costs so much
Why?
How much does it
cost for three people?
Not three. four. because
dad is coming with us
What did you just say?!
Calm down. Safaa. isn't
it better than coming back
to find that he burnt
the house down? Right?
If only I had a gold ring or
bracelet. I would've sold them
Listen. I'll try to borrow some money
from one of the ladies I cook for
One of them might be
kind enough to lend me
How will we pay them
back the money . Safaa?
Or do you want them
to call you a fraud?
Let them say that
I don't want my son to wander the
neighborhood in his shaggy undershirt
and turn out like Issam
I'll take care of it
I'll go and won't come
back until I find a solution
That's great. just great
He seemed like a smart kid
Yes. but we have a problem
with traveling and stuff like that
We need some money
Don't you worry about money
the most important thing is the kid
What will you do?
What is this question?
That's why I came to see you
- Where will I get the money?
- From the money you're counting now
It's Mr. Sameer's money
He loves money more than his kids
Of course. he'd love
it more than your son
I have an idea
- What is it?
- Go to Mr. Koshary
Is that what you think?
I'm sorry. Fathi. things are tight
- What do you say. Mr. Koshary?
- I'm sorry
Things are tight. go to Mr. Sabri
- Goodbye
What do you say. Mr. Sabri?
I don't have money. Fathi
Things are tight now
Go to Mr. Hisham
What do you say. Mr. Hisham?
I'd give you anything. Son
But you know how it is
Things are tight. right?
Why don't you go to Mr. Sameer?
I will go to Sameer
No. Mr. Sameer. it's okay. Mr. Sameer
I understand your circumstances
Thank you very much
Bye
Has everyone become stingy?
"We love those who love
us. and our joy is their joy"
"We hate those who hate us
and we'd never meet with them"
"Let's press the button
and raise the banner"
and now. with the big folk singer
The bird of the Arabic song
Hamada Burgul's successor
who made so many people
jump and dance in their homes
With the little star
Zeko the Destroyer!
I hope you get destroyed
you stupid idiot!
Do you think he's like you? He's
going to be a genius like Zewail
Who is this genius Zewail?
Let the kid sing. Safaa
Who is Zewail? Listen
to me. drunk Issam
What did you do to my son?
What did you do?
- No one loaned me the money
- What are we going to do. Fathi?
I took care of it
We'll change our
clothes and go downstairs
and you will do as I tell you
Wait. come here. where are you going?
To the bus
I don't know how to tell you this
But we're traveling in this van
Oh my God. Fathi! You'll
drive us there in the hearse?
It's not a hearse. it's called
"the humans honoring car"
"Honoring humans"
means the dead. Fathi
Do we only honor people
when they're dead. Safaa?
- Yes
- No
We can honor them
when they're alive. too
- I won't travel in this car
- Don't be stubborn. Safaa
We have no choice
but to travel in this car
We are one family. okay?
- Consider it a trip
- It only takes people to the afterlife
I've been working on it for years
and I'm still alive among you. Safaa
Let's go. Safaa. the road is long
Think carefully about
the kid and the contest
Okay. but I'm going
to sit in the front seat
- I won't ride in the back with the dead
- Fair enough
- Get in the back seat. Dad
- With the dead?
Come on. get in the back seat. Dad!
- Issam
- What?
I leave the loft to you. Issam
Don't worry. I'll take good care of it
- Don't invite anyone over. Issam
- Yes. sir
- Don't invite anyone over!
- Don't worry!
Hello. Samah
Bring the rest of the girls
and come. the house is empty
I have sedatives and we
are going to have a good time
We will have a great time!
Fathi!
Hey Fathi!
Go faster. Fathi!
- What?
- Oh my God!
- What's wrong?
- Faster!
"One after the other"
"Don't ever get tired or give up"
"Hold on and endure
it as hard as it is"
"This path requires action. not words"
"Go step by step. and
things will get better"
"Once with hardship
and once with ease"
"You know it all. because..."
"Since the beginning of the story"
"one day you're in heaven
and the other in hell"
Zakaria. focus hard
and don't be afraid
The questions will hopefully be easy
What will they ask me about. Mom?
I don't know. Son
But I heard you're a genius. you
can answer all kinds of questions
- Really. Mom?
- Yes. dear
Listen. Zakaria
The government said you're
a genius. then you're a genius
We won't question the government
What's 3 by 3?
- It's 9. Mom
- What a genius!
Wow! This kid is a genius
"I seek refuge in
the Lord of Daybreak"
Play for us a song
to cheers us up. Fathi
Gladly
"I say goodbye to you"
"and I say goodbye
to this life with you"
We don't want to say
goodbye to life in this car. Fathi
Such bad luck!
- I'll change it
- "I say goodbye to this life with you"
Fathi. I left a flash drive with Hamada
Burgul's songs in your car. play it
My son won't listen to such singers
Why not. Safaa? He's
always listened to them
That was before. but
things are different now
Can I sing. Dad? I have a nice voice
You'll do what? What will
you do? Listen to me. boy
You're a genius. do you
know what that means?
No
You'll only focus on
education and studying
- Do you understand me?
- Can I go to the bathroom?
Because I have to go to the bathroom
and I'm afraid this will be forbidden
No. you can go to the bathroom
Wait. Zakaria. I'm going to park
the car. so you can pee all you want
What should I do for
you to understand me?
What have I been
saying since morning
for you tell him he
can pee on the street?
We've always peed
on the street. Safaa
That was before
things are different now
Polite people would
never do that. dear Zakaria
- Yes. Mom
- "Mom"?
Call her "Mommy"!
All that's left is to have him
brush his teeth before bed
I didn't hear you. repeat
what you said. drunk Issam
I didn't say anything. Safaa
Zeko is your son. and you
can raise him however you want
His name is Zakaria
Professor. Doctor. Counselor
and owner of the madhouse
Are you happy now. Safaa?
But I still have to go to the bathroom
Be patient and hold it in for a bit
There is a gas station and you
can do whatever you want there
Take him to the bathroom. so I can go
to the air-conditioned area for a bit
I'm going to relieve myself
Do you want me to
get you something. Dad?
I'll be back in five minutes
Don't tell anyone. okay?
Why are the prices so expensive?
Mom. I want this chocolate
It costs 35 pounds
Do you know how many things
you can buy with 35 pounds?
- Come on. let's buy it
- All right
I won't buy this one
I'll take this. geniuses
don't eat chocolate
May God protect you
Give it to me
- How much is this?
- 10 pounds
Okay
Who? Zakaria! How are you doing?
- I'm fine
- Hello. how are you. artist?
- Are you traveling. too?
Yes. since I'm covering the contest
Oh right. Mazen
and his mom are here
- Who is Mazen?
- Wait a minute
Mrs. Mona! Would you
come for a moment?
Is this kid in the
contest with Zakaria?
Mazen. this is Zakaria. he'll
be in the contest with you
These are his mom and dad
"Hi. nice to meet you"
- She's saying it's nice to meet you
- Likewise
Is she a foreigner?
Not at all. I'm Egyptian
You must've thought we were foreigners
that you talked to us in English then
Which school does Mazen go to?
Evolution International School
Well done
Which school does Zakaria go to?
Ahmed Abdo
Ahmed Abdo School
Mr. Ahmed Abdo was a great man
There was an irrigation
canal in the area
and people put a
tree over it to cross it
Many people slipped
while trying to cross it
But Mr. Ahmed Abdo was
a rich man. what's the matter?
So. he donated money
to build the bridge
So. people went to the officials and
insisted on naming the school after him
To honor his name in the history books
Okay
We have to go now
Mazen. wish Zakaria the best of luck
Good luck for you
- I will kill you
- What is this?
- They are kids!
Bye
I have to go now. too
- Bye. artist
- Bye
- What did you do. Fathi?
- What's wrong?
The woman spoke to us in
a polite and elegant manner
and you told her about the
irrigation canal and Ahmed Abdo?
I did nothing wrong. she
doesn't know Ahmed Abdo
Ahmed Abdo!
I want to understand
why you're acting
as if you're living a
different lifestyle?
We're like this. this is our life
and this is who we are. Safaa!
You're right about our lifestyle
but I won't let you
embarrass us in front of others
Didn't you see how she looked at us?
How she looked at us? She didn't
She doesn't even care about us
You've been embarrassed about
everything since we got the letter
You're even embarrassed
by Ahmed Abdo
Go fast! Take this juice. Son
If I tell you not to
embarrass us. Fathi
does it means I'm
embarrassed by our lifestyle?!
Yes. you are. Safaa
- What's wrong. Fathi?
- What's wrong. Safaa?
Go fast now! What's wrong with you?
Go. you know nothing!
You'll stay where you are. clinging to
this hearse. as if there's no other job
Oh my God! Say what
you usually say. Safaa
- Say it
- I'll say it. Fathi!
You bury your head in
the sand like an ostrich!
Sand and ostrich?
Where did you come up with
this when you're illiterate. Safaa?
Are you judging me. Fathi?
That's not what I meant. Safaa
These shoes suit you very well. Safaa
Don't try to compliment me now
Where is grandpa?
- Where is your dad?
- I don't know
Who knows where he is then?
I went to the store with you and
didn't see him when I came back
Maybe he's at the gas station
- Let's go to him before he gets lost
- No! No!
We can't go back there again
What's the matter?
What did you do. Issam?
Nothing. the kid wanted a few
things. so I got them for him
But I think I forgot to pay for them
You forgot to pay for it
or you stole them. Issam?
Won't you quit this habit?
Excuse me. a man who was with us took
these items and forgot to pay for them
You mean he stole them
not forgot to pay for them
No. we're returning them. he
took a bottle of juice and chips
and this is the money for them
Excuse me. have you seen an old man?
- Wait. I'll check the security cameras
- No. please
Don't check them. we
already paid you for the items
- Let's go. Fathi
- No. I want to see dad in the cameras
This way. Issam will show up in the
camera footage stealing those items
You're right. but I locked the car
with him in it. he won't do anything
Let's find the man. Fathi
- Uncle Khamis!
- Grandpa Khamis!
- Dad!
- Uncle Khamis!
- Grandpa Khamis!
- Listen to me
Didn't you see a short
man who's a womanizer?
Mr. Khamis
Yes?
No. that's not my dad
I haven't done anything yet
I can't tell whether you're
my dad or not from this sound
Say something. so I
can know who you are
look over there
You rude impolite man!
Safaa!
"He woke up with regrets"
"because he was feeling sick"
"He got slapped again
and again under the tree"
"Abdo"
"Woke up"
Fathi!
Open the door. Fathi!
Open the door!
Fathi!
Open the door. Fathi!
What's this?
Why was I sleeping in the casket?
You want me to die
alive. you bastards?
Open the door. Fathi!
Someone is knocking
on the car's door
Here's Issam!
- Wait!
- What's wrong. Uncle Khamis?
- What's wrong?
- He scared me
Okay!
- I won't go with you!
- What's wrong?
- I won't ride the hearse!
I won't ride this car!
- I won't ride this car!
- What's wrong?
You're the one who put us in this car!
- What happened to you?
- I don't want to!
- The dead rose like this!
- What's wrong?
- I don't want to!
- What's wrong? Come here!
Pull yourself together!
- Issam!
- Come here. Issam!
Laugh! If you were in my shoes
you would've definitely wet your pants
Won't you quit those habits of yours?
Is it okay for Zakaria's
uncle to be a thief?
Is it okay to deprive
him of what he desires
and what he sees with his
friends? Are we heartless
and you. Dad
I want to understand how you
thought of ??sleeping in the casket
Did I sleep in the casket?
Do you think I'm a fool
to sleep in the casket?
- You're so funny. Uncle Khamis
- It's okay. it's okay
Hello. Mr. Sameer?
Listen
I'm going with my family
to Siwa in the car
My son has a contest there. I
hope the same happens for your son
"The Three Smartest
Kids in Egypt" contest
I'll pay you when I get back
A death right now?
Get another car. Mr. Sameer
Does the dead man only want
to ride in my car. Mr. Sameer?
You want me to give up my
son's future for a dead man?
I won't come back. Mr. Sameer
I'll pay you when I get back from Siwa
Bye
Did you take the car without
its owner's permission. Fathi?
He's a stingy man
If I told him anything. he would've
asked me to leave the money
before making a move
You got mad because
your brother took stuff
from the supermarket
without paying for them?
Fathi
Let's go home to eat
I am hungry
Me too. Dad
Okay
What's the matter. Safaa? Will
you keep looking at me this way?
I said I'll take care
of it when we get back
Oh my God!
- How could the genius' dad...
- Eat in silence!
I'm eating. Brother
Thank you. mother of genius
the food is very delicious
I hope it poisons you
You even put it in boxes and wrapped
it in plastic bags like rich people
Did you inherit something or what?
I have to find a way to return the
money to the lady when we get back
What will you return?
So. you're judging me for
taking the car from the man
when you took the customer's food?!
Oh my God!
Do you think it's appropriate. mother
of the genius? So. we're all thieves
Be proud of your family. Genius!
Let us enjoy your silence!
I did what I did for him
- And I took the car for him
- I took those things for him. too
Didn't you say you wanted juice?
Tell your mom you wanted it!
That's enough!
We're all wrong and we'll fix
these disasters when we return
Yes. man?
I'm glad you told me
so I can take precautions
Bye
- What's wrong?
- That guy is being mean
He reported the car stolen
and told the authorities
we're driving it to Siwa
Why are we going to Sinai
in this hot weather. Son?
Don't worry. Uncle Khamis
What now?
We'll keep going. Safaa
How will we keep going. Fathi?
- Do we go back then?
- Yeah. let's go back
Otherwise. something bad might happen
to you. God forbid. you're all we have
We'll keep going. Safaa
- Slow down. Fathi
- What can I do. Safaa?
This is the only route that's
out of the government's sight
Slow down. Son. you're making me sick
Bear with us. Uncle Khamis
He's used to driving the dead
and the dead don't complain
May God give me patience
What is that? What is that? Stop!
What brought this car here?
Forget about why it's here
Wasn't the desert big enough
for her to hit the only tree here?
Let's see if anyone needs help. Safaa
No. Fathi. what if there's thieves
who want to steal
everything we have in it?
Steal everything we have?
Let's see. if anyone needs help. Safaa
Well done. Superman!
Be proud of your family. Genius!
Be proud of them!
- Oh my God!
She is dead!
My future is doomed. Fathi!
- My future is doomed. Fathi!
- Stop it!
My future is doomed. Fathi!
"Oh good Lord. good Lord!"
- Who are you?
- What are you!
Don't worry
I'm not dead
I am a human being just like you
This is my costume for a
costume party I was going to
My car broke down and there's no signal
to call someone to come and get me
Let's take her with us
She's a gift from God!
Stop. Dad! Where are you going?
The place isn't far from here
I'll pay you whatever you want
But something bad might happen
to me. if I stay alone in the desert
It's okay. Fathi. I feel sorry for her
Let's take her with us
we may be rewarded
You're running out of fuel. Safaa
God will save us. she is a woman
Don't say a woman
please. I'm a feminist
What's wrong with you?
She's sick. Safaa. as
a cleaver pierced her head
- Help me support her. Issam
- Why do you need Issam?
Your dad is still strong
- Calm down. Uncle Khamis
- Stop. please. Dad!
Take it easy. okay
Don't touch her. Fathi
Stop it. Safaa
Watch out for the cleaver. Issam
- Thank you very much
- You're most welcome
We did what we had to do
Come here. Miss
Take the money. please
No. we did you a favor
We can't possibly do that
Take it for the fuel. I don't know
what I would've done without you
Thank you. dear. have a nice evening
Do you want to go?
Come with me. you're
going to have a great time
Hello. Superman!
Excuse us. Miss. we
don't have costumes on
Yes
Consider my offer. you'll have
a good time. if you come inside
- Okay
- Bye. thank you
- See you later
- Goodbye
Listen. Safaa. what do you think?
What? Do you want us
to go in looking like this?
What's wrong with us? Don't you
see how the people around us look?
A murdered girl just walked in!
Let's go in. eat and
gather our strength
- What about our son?
- He'll stay asleep. we won't be late
We'll put food for him in a
plastic bag. if you have one
No need. there are two
sandwiches in the bag
But Issam and your dad
will get us into trouble
No. Issam won't do that. Issam!
- Where did they go?
- They went ahead of us
I hope nothing wrong happens
Women!
Women. Fathi!
Come to me one by one
I can't handle you all together
Come on. come to me
Give it up for...
The queen Ostah Bashee
what are you doing?
Wait! Put your hand down!
Stop! Put her down! I said stop!
What's this? What? What?
Do you think she is
alone? She's my wife!
Get away from her! What's
wrong with these people. Safaa?
They're spoiling me. Fathi
No one did that in a long time
How could you say that?!
You said we should come in
We came in to eat. not to swing. Safaa
You look great when
you're mad and jealous. Fathi
I'm jealous and I spoil you. Safaa
Nice dress
Get away from her!
What is wrong with you!
What did he say?
He didn't say anything
"What do you know about
rolling down in the deep?"
"When your brain goes numb
you can call that mental freeze"
"When these people talk too
much. put that shit in slow motion"
"Yeah. I feel like an
astronaut in the ocean"
"What do you know about
rolling down in the deep?"
"When your brain goes numb
you can call that mental freeze"
Why are they looking at us like that?
Do you think they despise us?
They like us. Safaa
Let's eat
Come on
Oh my God!
Good evening
Your costumes are cool
What is this?
Is this Ali Baba's treasure?
Put everything back where it was
Do you know how to use this
thing you're holding. Grandma?
- What's this?
- Don't worry
Maybe they're setting
off fireworks outside
Hurry up before anyone notices us
- Let's go
- Come on
- That's enough. I also put rice
- All right
Look
There's a poor man like us
Is there anyone as
poor as us. Safaa?
He seems to work for them
Looks like he really came
to the party by mistake
Let's go help him
Do you want a bag?
- A bag?
- Yeah. a bag
To put food in it and
take it to your kids
Put food in it?
Keep your voice down
Don't expose us. you'll be kicked out!
Who will be kicked out
and who will expose you?
I am impressed by your real abilities
I believed you're really poor
Your costumes are
the best at today's party
If I see you on the street. I'd give
you charity without even knowing you
- What is he saying?
- I don't know
What's wrong. Safaa? I don't
get what he's talking about
I don't get it either. Fathi
"My friends at the party"
"I decided to give the
Best Costume award"
"to the poor couple"
Rejoice. you're the winners!
Rejoice with what. sir?
What did we win and
who are you anyway?
Ezzat Dakhakhni
the host of this party
Do you know what we'd do
if we see you on the street?
Of course. you'd give me charity
No. we wouldn't give you money
because we don't have a penny
You two are so cute
and I'm glad you're here
- You're so funny
- Thank you
How much is this award?
The winner of this contest
will be the first donor
to build the hares hunting
club that I'm establishing
You're impressed. right?
Everyone who heard the idea
was just as impressed by the way
This is my mom's idea
not mine by the way
She's been into
hunting for a long time
So. she suggested building a
five square acres farm or club
so we can all hunt
hares and have fun there
So. we're paying for
your mom to have fun?
No. everyone will donate
have fun and hunt hares
Excuse me for saying this
as far as I know
people collect donations
to build a mosque
a school. or an orphanage
0As for people collecting
donations to build a farm
to run after rabbits. it is a new idea
I appreciate your fear of the press
I am so scared of the press
Don't worry. it'll
be our little secret
Only the donors and
hunters will know about it
I want you two to have some fun. while
we meet at the awards ceremony. okay?
- Don't forget the checks. don't
- Of course! Absolutely!
- Have fun and have a good time
- Thank you
Thanks
What's with the people here. Fathi?
We almost begged for money
to take our son to the contest
This is not the time for this
Let's leave quickly. before
they take our clothes off
Dad!
I swear I would choke you with
your false teeth if you weren't old
- What are you saying?
- I'm just saying nonsense
- Take off your shirt
- Take off what?
Take off your shirt
I'm very fragile
I told you to take
off your shirt right now!
I'll take it off! I'll
take it off! I took it off
Take off the pants
- Let's get to know each other first
- Shut up!
- Come. Dad. come on
- Let go of me!
- Come on
- Let go of me. Fathi!
Your dad hasn't taken off
his clothes in 20 years!
- 20 years!
- Carry him outside. Fathi
Let go of me. Fathi!
Let go of me
What's this?
Why are you carrying me like that?
It's nothing. Dad
- Put your robe on to look good
- Alright
It's just that you
got tired of walking
- So we decided to carry you to rest
- May God keep you healthy
Thank you. Dad
- Safaa. where is Issam?
- What is it?
I don't know. why don't
you sneak in and look for him?
Sneak in and look for him?
Fathi!
- Fathi!
- What's wrong?
Stop right there. you bastard!
- Oh my God!
-  Fathi!
Run!
Tell me. what did you get into
now. why did you take your clothes off
- and who's that woman?
- She's a crazy woman
I found an empty room
and I just wanted to rest in it
So. she walked in. pointed her gun
at me and wanted to attack me. Fathi
Stop beating around the bushes
and tell me what you stole. Issam?
I couldn't steal anything
Stop asking questions and watch
the road. father of the genius
Is there still a long way to go?
We will arrive before dawn
We will go to rest at the
hotel until the contest begins
The road is very deserted
No one will hear about us
if a killer appears and kills us
No one will hear about us if someone
attacks us in our house either. Safaa
Look! Look at the fox!
A fox! There's a fox. Grandpa!
This is the first time
I've seen a fox. Fathi
Are you happy. sweetie?
May God keep you with us. Fathi!
These shoes suit very well. Safaa
- Watch out!
- What's wrong?
Oh my God!
What's wrong?
The car got stuck
Give me the flashlight. Safaa
Take my seat. Dad
and step on the gas pedal
Come here. Zakaria
Come here. watch out
Grab this
- Come and push the car with me. Issam
- Come on
- Step on the gas pedal. Dad
- Yes
- Safaa. come and push it from here
- Yeah? Okay
Stand here. Zakaria
Come on. step on the gas pedal. Dad
Come on!
Make an effort. Dad!
I've been working hard for 40 years
and I haven't gotten anything. Son
Step on the gas pedal. Dad
Push. you lazy Issam!
It's not going out this way
Fathi. it needs a winch!
Listen to me
Let's call someone to help us
- There's no service here
- Let's walk then
We'll be there in three
or four days if we walk
How about we walk to the highway
We might find a good
person who can help us
We can't walk this
road at night. Safaa
It's hopeless
We are a miserable family
Issam
What?
I know you're a mean bastard
But you're the fittest one of us
Go to the highway and ask for help
- He's your nephew. you gentleman
- Let's say I am a gentleman
Who would trust
someone who looks like this
and come to this
remote place with his car?
Fathi
Is this a car or am
I imagining things?
Listen. Safaa
Take Zeko. get in the car. and lock it
- Why? What's wrong?
- No normal cars pass through here
That car belongs either to the
authorities or to drug smugglers
Take Zeko. get in the car. and lock it
- I won't leave you alone. Fathi
- Do as I tell you!
- Come on! Come on!
- Fine. as you wish
Take these stones. Dad
- Okay. yes
- Listen carefully to what I'll say
If you feel in danger from
the car that's coming here
- Throw stones at it at once
- Okay
Don't say "okay". repeat
after me. so you don't forget it
- Yes. yes
- If you feel in danger from that car
- Throw stones at it at once
- If I feel danger. I'll hit it at once
If you feel in danger
throw stones at it at once
- Throw stones at it at once
- If you feel in danger. Dad
Throw stones at it at once
- If you feel in danger
- Throw stones at it at once
If you feel in danger
throw stones at it at once
- If I feel danger. I'll hit it at once
- Hit it at once. Dad
- Okay
- If you feel in danger. dad
- Hit it at once
- I'll hit it at once. if I feel danger
- Remember this please. Dad
If you feel in danger
throw stones at it at once
- Okay
- I won't remind you
If you feel in danger
throw stones at it at once
Stop! Stop!
Who are you?
and what brought you here?
Excuse me. but who's
asking. who are you?
We are researchers doing
research in this reserve
Sorry. we were driving and got lost
Then. our car got
stuck as you can see
Don't we have towing equipment?
Give me the towing
equipment from the car
- Okay
- Thank you very much
We will be a heavy burden on you
- Danger. Fathi!
- What is going on?
What is going on?
What is going on? What is going on?
Dad!
They're helping us. Dad!
- Danger. Fathi!
- Uncle Khamis!
- Stop. Dad!
- They're helping us. Dad!
Pull. Researcher!
Thank you very much
You really saved us
We are sorry for what my dad did
as he is an old man who loves women
- He's very forgetful
- It's okay
- Where are you headed?
- To Siwa
My son is a genius. one of
the three smartest kids in Egypt
Awesome. he's a genius
He's so clever. tell her
what three by three is
- Nine. Mom
- Great. God bless you
Did you come this way?
Why didn't you follow the highway?
Because we stole this man's car...
It's hot
It's hot on the highway
You must wait till morning if you want
to keep driving through the reserve
so you can see the road ahead
So what happened to you
doesn't happen again. at least
I have an idea
Come to our camp
It's nearby and our colleagues
are there. instead of sitting alone
What's wrong with that. Fathi?
We'll have fun with them. instead
of sitting in this lonely place
As you wish. Safaa
"Believe me. if it were up to me"
"I would've carried you in my veins"
"I'd burn myself to light your way"
"I would've broken through
the barriers and paved your way"
"I would've collected the
goods of the world for you"
"I would've been a star
that lights up your nights"
"I would've removed all
your worries with my palm"
"I would've hid you in my arms
and turned your fear into safety"
"Humor us and lead us. Life"
What are you doing here. Researcher?
We are research medicinal herbs
Meaning. we conduct
studies and research on plants
to extract medicines and cures
for many diseases from them
Like the "Cat". "Border"
and "Grass Beans" herbs
So. you're geniuses like Zewail
We're not like him. of course. as
our specialty is different from his
If you're talking about the Nobel Prize
I hope Zakaria will win it like him
Aren't you a genius. Zeko?
Very much so. Ma'am
How much is the monthly
salary of a genius. Researcher?
It is not money that matters. but
the value of what he gives people
That's what I want you to realize from
now. Zakaria. don't think about money
Think of a way to benefit and help
people when you get a Nobel Prize
Forget about that. Genius
We follow the "give me
my money first" policy
It is our first priority
That's right. Uncle Issam
I have to go
Do you think we'll see Zeko win
a Nobel Prize like Ahmed Zewail?
That would be great. Fathi
Schools will be named after him
Streets will be named after him
- Zakaria Fathi School
- Yes
Just like the Ahmed Abdo School
I'd be driving the car
Then. someone stops me
and asks for an address
and I tell them. "Look"
"Walk to the end of
Zakaria Fathi Street"
"Then turn right"
I feel like I'm dreaming
I'm dreaming for the first time. Fathi
We're really dreaming. Safaa
But we're dreaming of something that
we can see come true in front of us
I think this is the
purpose of our lives
Yes
To dream. try. stumble
get up and keep trying
You must be wondering. "How did
the ignorant Safaa come up with this?"
Not at all
You don't need to go to
school to say something like that
I think what we've been through
on the road since yesterday
is more than enough
Fathi
Promise me something
that our Lord will bear witness to
If you meet another woman someday
and marry her
Never forget what we
dreamed of for Zakaria. Fathi
How can I find a woman like you?
and how can I find a woman. who this
abaya suits as much as it suits you?
Are you serious. Fathi?
Of course. I'm serious
Listen
Remember the song we used
to sing when we were engaged?
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
- Listen
- What's the matter?
I see there is an empty tent
I think it's missing one thing
It's missing a beautiful abaya
- What are you saying. Fathi?
- Listen to me
- In the desert?
- In the desert
- Among the researchers?
- Among the researchers
We haven't been together in
an empty place in a long time
But I look bad and I'm not at my best
- That's what I want
- No. please
Come on. you look so beautiful
You are so beautiful. come on
- Come on
- Fathi
- What's the matter. Dad?
I remember where I put the letter
Go to bed quickly. Dad. please
Quickly. quickly
Thank you very much
We don't know how to repay you
We didn't do anything
but take care of Zakaria
and don't go back to where you were
We'll take good care of Zakaria
Give me your phone number and I'll
call you to tell you about Zakaria
Come on. Uncle Khamis. get in the car
Don't you need anything
before you leave?
Yes
If you offer us one of your tents
you'll have done us a great favor
- Fathi!
- The abaya
Your abaya. Safaa
Would you like to spend another night
here and forget about the contest?
Oh my God! Our son's future!
Come on. let's go
- Come on. thank you. dear
- Come on
- Bye. Zeko
- Bye. Researcher
Thank you very much
They turned out to be
good and wonderful people
Of course. I hope we see Zeko
like them and even better than them
I hope he becomes a researcher
What are these cars
that are parked there?
They must be researchers
Oh my God. Fathi!
Stop right there!
Will they kill us? Who are they?
- Don't shoot!
- Get out!
I have a kid!
Don't shoot. I'll get them out!
- Get out
- What's wrong?
- Get out!
- They're getting out!
Get out!
Take it easy!
Get down on the ground!
You'd point your gun at the face of a
man of your father's age. you bastard?
- Stop. Dad. stop
- Where's your dad? I'll scold him
He's pointing his gun at the face
of a man his father's age. Fathi!
Please stop this. Uncle Khamis!
I'll slap him in the face
he might wake up
Slap me. Dad!
Lower your weapon. Atwa!
Man!
You must respect the hearse
What will he gain if
he wins the IQ contest?
He'll be as great as
the amazing Zewail
I will test his intelligence
- What's your name. boy?
- Zakaria
Wow! He's brilliant!
Go to your mother. dear
What's wrong? Leave the kid alone
we're not here to discuss his future
We want to know what our fate is!
- Why are you yelling?
- I'm not yelling!
- Stop. Fathi
- Good evening. Ghandour
Is this a new regiment?
You have nothing to
do with them. sit down
What did you bring with you?
I brought you a super
original German piece
Yes
- How much do you want for it?
- It's 15.000
- Okay. I'll give you five
- Five what?
- It's an original German piece
- Did he kidnap us? I don't understand
Ask him
Did you say something?
- No. we're sorry
- What do you think?
- Don't argue. I don't like that
I'll only give you five thousand
Will you take them or
should I bury you here?
- Bury me here?
- Or here?
Okay then
This is 4500 pounds
I'll get the rest it
and give it to you
Go now
Wow. did you see how
much money is under his feet?
See how much criminals
make per month?
Shut up!
Where were we?
We were saying that you should decide
what exactly you want to do with us
Do you want to take the car or not?
As we're on our way to a big event
I said that it is a hearse and has
its sanctity. meaning I don't need it
Since it is a hearse. you don't
need it and has its sanctity
Why are you keeping
us here like prisoners?
- What do you want?
- Shut up. Safaa
Why are you yelling?
I'm not yelling!
Okay
Unscrew the car's four wheels. Atwa
- Wait. Atwa!
- Back off a little bit
- Back off. didn't you say it's sacred?
- Back off!
Yes. the car is different
from the wheels
But how will they leave?
"They"? Aren't you with them?
I want to make sure they'll be okay
Don't worry
Listen
What is his name?
Ghandour. Dad
Listen. Ghandour. my son
Death will come to us all
No human being will
escape this hearse
Human beings. my son...
What bout them?
What was I saying to him?
You were saying that we'll all
ride in this hearse. Uncle Khamis
and no human being will escape it
Do you wish this for me. Safaa?
That's enough. I got
what he's trying to say
So. if I take this car
I may not find a hearse to
take me to my grave when I die
What goes around comes around
Okay
I'm touched
- Atwa
- Yes. sir?
- Just take the spare tire
- At your command
What's the matter. sir?
Do you just have to steal anything?
Aren't I a thief?
Or did you meet me in a cafe?
Go now before I bury you here
Let's go. come on
Thank you very much
Thank you very much!
Listen. father of the genius
Don't go that way
There is quicksand
that will swallow you up
Drive on the paved road
Goodbye
What are you doing?
It's because we'll
drive on the highway
This is no longer a hearse
- You're right. it's no longer a hearse
- Let's move
- Let's go
- Fathi
I think we should put the
casket on top of the car
So no one knows it's
a hearse if they search it
- Come on. Zakaria
- We don't need it anymore. Dad
Let's go. come on
- Come on. come on
- Come on. Issam
Help your dad get into the car
Watch out. don't forget what we
agreed upon. if we encounter an ambush
Don't worry. Brother. we'd all
sacrifice ourselves for the genius
Don't worry about it. Zakaria
I want you to focus to win
Don't worry about yourself
and keep your eyes on the road
I love you when you're
as confident as me
Bring us joy. Zakaria. for we
haven't been happy in a long time
Don't worry. I will win this contest
- God bless you!
- So. are you up to the challenge?
Yes
That's it
Who is it?
It's an unknown number
Hello?
Its me
Hello. Mr. Director
If you want to ask about the
contest. we are almost there
What?
What are you saying?
What's the matter. Fathi?
Fathi?
Stay here
What's wrong?
Zakaria is not in the contest. Safaa
What do you mean
he's not in the contest?
Turns out it's someone
with a similar name
Another kid is supposed
to take Zakaria's place
and we got the letter by mistake
No. Fathi
Stop it. I know your silly jokes
Please don't scare me
You can't joke about
such matters in particular
No. Fathi
My son Zakaria is smart and intelligent
They might be saying this to
disqualify him from the contest
You saw the mother of the kid we met
She must have the power
and nepotism plays a part in this
Isn't that right. Fathi?
They must've disqualified him
because we're poor and helpless
They're being unfair to our son
No. please. Fathi
Please don't say this to me
We don't want our son to be like us
We finally had a dream. Fathi
Please. Fathi
Please. please. Fathi
Let's go for the love of God
Our son. our son. Fathi
We'll go. right? Will we go?
Will we go?
Get up. let's keep going
God will honor us
There's an ambush there
Don't forget our agreement
- Sing. Issam!
- Come on. Zakaria
"At Om Farouk's house"
"The tree has grown plums"
"And I love a crazy
man in a plastic scarf"
"Flirt. our groom
with a plastic scarf"
- "Flirt. our groom..."
- Silence. silence!
Good day. sir
Excuse us. we're coming from the
capital to get my brother engaged
That's why we're so happy
- Congratulations. may your joy last
- Thank you. sir
- Give me your license
- Yes. sir
One moment please
Here you go. sir
I want the car registration
papers. too. Fathi
Yes. sir. a moment please
The car registration papers
Where are the car
registration papers?
I found them and put
them on top of the TV
On top of the TV?
What good will they
do me on top of the TV?
I thought you'd see
them and take them
I didn't see them. Safaa!
What do I do now?
- Damn me. Fathi
- Damn you?
What do I say to the good
man who wants to see them?
I'll divorce you after we
get back home. Safaa!
- Oh my God. Fathi!
- I don't want you anymore!
Please. Officer. don't ruin my joy
Calm down. it's not that big of a deal
Get out now
- Get out
- What is it?
Get our. everyone!
Get out of the car!
Come and park this car on the side
- What...
- Won't you let us be happy. sir?
- No. come here
- What is it?
- What is it. sir?
- Come here. everyone
Come here. come here
- What is it. sir?
- Come here
This car was reported stolen
- Stolen?
- Come on. go ahead
Go this way. come on
I swear we didn't steal it. sir
He's been working for
the man for a long time
We'll return it to him and
sort it out when we get back
Please don't waste
our son's future. sir
We went through a lot to get here
What do you want me to do? How can
I let you pass. when you stole a car?
Let us go to the contest and I'll go
with you wherever you want even to hell
- That's not possible
- "Do you copy?"
Yes. sir. I hear you
Watch them
I hear you. sir
Keep going
No. I won't leave you. Fathi
I'll stay with you. and we'll stay
together like we came together
Don't you see the situation. Safaa?
I'll take the fall. Fathi
What are you saying? The
punishment is going to prison. Issam
It doesn't matter. keep
going and don't mind me
No. it's not your fault
Say something. Safaa
You should be with Zakaria
He can't enter the contest knowing
his dad is in jail. how will he focus?
Don't worry about me. your
brother knows what to do
What is it? Why are you
looking at me like that?
This is my first time
witnessing your chivalry
You are right about that
I've always been useless
I tried to be a decent
human being. but failed
I tried to sing. but my
voice was as ugly as my face
Maybe God created me to help this kid
Listen. sir
I'm the one who stole the car. sir
it's not any of those people's fault
So. will you take responsibility?
We're a family. sir. handcuff
me and get it over with please
Put him in handcuffs
We'll meet again. Issam
We'll meet again. Brother
It's not like I'm going to Iraq
Wait eight years and you'll
find me in front of you. okay?
Here. Issam. eat this sandwich
Give it to me
Listen. Genius!
- What is three by three?
- Nine
I'm sure you'll be okay
Focus on the contest. boy
Come on. Dad
Isn't Issam coming with us?
He's not. Dad
Why are you making us walk. Son?
You're making us climb
and descend from mountains
and walk on sand. asphalt and dirt!
Where are we going?
We're going for a walk. Dad
Let's ride some vehicle
I'm tired!
We're sorry. Uncle
We don't have money to rent a vehicle
We're taking a shortcut like this. Dad
A shortcut?
How much do we have left?
Six kilometers
Six kilometers?
No! This is unbearable!
This is unbearable!
- Dad!
- Uncle Khamis!
What's this madness. Uncle Khamis?
Are you crazy? Do you want
to die and get me in trouble?
I wanted something
completely different
What do you want?
Why did I stand in front of the car?
Can you drive us on your way. sir?
- With pleasure. come on
- Thank you very much
"Where are we?"
"What is the purpose of our journey?"
"How do we carry our worries?"
"How do we get rid of them?"
"We're just numbers"
"among people"
"Are we okay?"
"Or are we lost?"
"Turns out there's hope"
"So why would I collapse"
"away in the darkness?"
"The night is so long"
"If only the light can
break through the fence"
"I don't belong in a queue"
"but to a far away place"
"We belong somewhere else"
"Not with everyone else"
"Our steps are prestigious and
famous. not like we imagined"
"We belong somewhere else"
"Not with everyone else"
"Our steps are prestigious and
famous. not like we imagined"
'We belong somewhere else'
"Not with everyone else"
"I used to sleep"
"without dreaming"
"Suddenly. I woke up"
"and saw a silver lining"
"It turns out everything
I'm going through"
"is a broken ladder
followed by the sky"
"I'm not crazy"
"The universe is big
enough for me now"
"Big enough for me"
"I'm sure things will
get better for me"
"I can see hope on your face"
"We belong somewhere else"
"Not with everyone else"
Where are you going?
We're the parents of Zakaria Fathi
who's participating in the contest
How could you arrived so quickly?
You just found out about it today
We were nearby. on
a vacation in Matrouh
Okay. we're going to take Zakaria
now. as the ceremony is about to start
Wait here. and I'll send
someone to escort you right away
- Well. thank you
- Let's go. Zakaria
I can't believe they
took Zakaria so easily
They thought it was
the other kid. Safaa
Is there really another kid?
It doesn't matter. Safaa. what matters
is that Zakaria entered the contest
I hope he wins
- Please tell them. Layla...
- Mrs. Esaad
What's the matter. Ahmed?
Is there another disaster?
Not at all. we're ready
to start right now
Even Zakaria Fathi is here. we
dressed him up and he went on stage
- Who is Zakaria Fathi?
- The third contestant
The third contestant's parents just
found out about the contest today
and they're in Aswan. so. they
canceled. because they won't make it
They told me they were in Marsa
Matrouh and that they were nearby
Take me to them
Get to work. Layla
Mrs. Esaad. we're your biggest fans
We can't believe we're
seeing you right in front of us!
We watch your show every
day. you sweet beautiful woman
Thank you. dear
Who are you. dear?
You know. Ma'am. we never
miss a single episode of your show
Thank you. dear. who are you?
Your show is honestly the only
thing that brings us together
Thank God there's something
that brings you together
- Who are you?
- Are you in a relationship. Ma'am?
Shut up. Uncle Khamis!
- What is this?
- We're Zakaria Fathi's parents
Okay. and who is Zakaria Fathi?
The one who got
the letter by mistake?
We love you so much
I swear. we love you so much
I love you so much as well. dear
But this means that your son
entered the contest by mistake
Yes. what does this mean. Ma'am?
That he has to leave before the
contest starts and we have a scandal
What does this mean? Do
you think you can toy with us?
One minute our son is in the contest
The next. he's not. what's this?
Didn't you just say you love me
Why did you change your tone now?
I still love you
But I know how nepotism works
You want to get rid of him to
give the prize to another kid
Yes. we know and understand
these tricks very well
Just so you know. Ma'am
We can make a scene here
Why would you do that. Son?
There is no nepotism here
But the the name of the kid
who got into the contest
and your son's name
were really similar
That's not our fault
We received a letter saying
that our son got into this contest
So. you're the ones who
made the mistake. not us
These contests involve
tests that require
a sharp mind and
high level of intelligence
Questions that we adults can't solve
let alone a normal kid like yours
No
My son is a genius. he's not normal
None of the kids inside
are better than him
Only God knows what we went through
to make it in time for this contest
Besides. the boy has
already entered the contest
You have nothing to
lose by leaving him there
It'll be good if he can
solve the questions
Otherwise. congratulations
to whoever wins
But please. Ma'am
Please don't break
my son's heart
I am afraid that the kid won't
be able to do well and feel inferior
He won't recover from this
shock as long as he lives
If you're worried about
us. we have nothing to lose
But please don't break the boy's heart
- Please
- For your kids and grand-kids
I hope you celebrate
their success
- Please. Mrs. Esaad
- Okay. dear. okay
Please Esaad
For our love's sake
Ahmed. put the kid in the contest
You're so sweet. Mrs. Esaad
"From the beautiful Siwa Oasis"
"Today. we present to you ..."
"'The Smartest Kid in Egypt' Contest"
How are you. dear?
- I'm fine
- "We have the first contestant..."
"Mazen Saeed!"
- "What city are you from. Mazen?"
- "Cairo"
- "Who did you come with?"
- "With my mommy"
"Is that your mommy?"
- "What does mommy do for a living?"
- "She's a doctor"
"A doctor!"
"Okay. the second contestant..."
"Dalia Saeed!"
- "Where are you from?"
- "From Alexandria"
- "Who did you come with?"
- "With my dad and mom"
- "Dad and mom. what does your dad do?"
- "He's an engineer"
"And the third
contestant with us is..."
"Zakaria Fathi!"
You are amazing. Zeko!
- "Where are you from. Zeko?"
- "From Duwaiqa"
- "Where. dear?"
"From Duwaiqa"
"Who did you come with?"
"With my dad. my mom and my grandpa"
"My uncle was caught in an ambush"
- "Who?"
- "He got caught in an ambush"
"He got caught. okay"
- "What does your dad do?"
- "He transports the dead"
- "What does he transport. dear?"
- "The dead"
"Okay. the contest is easy"
"The first question"
- "Multiplication..."
- Thank God
He memorized the
multiplication tables up till 12
"What's 326 by 714?"
He needs a calculator for this one
"232.764"
"Well done. correct answer!"
You bastard!
Pardon me? What did you say?
How much did you pay. lady?
"Second question"
There's no way I'd sit next to you
your bad smell alone is repulsive
Of course. you wouldn't
dare look me in the eye
Why are you complaining
about our smell?
Is the kid faster than a calculator?
- Because he's good
- Good?
"Dalia will answer first
what's your answer?"
"1.87973"
"Wonderful. wonderful!"
"The answer is correct!"
- "Wonderful. wonderful!"
- Weren't the answers leaked. Fathi?
No. they weren't. Safaa
- Look at Zakaria and who's next to him
- "What's..."
- And you'll understand
- "26.565"
"by 4128?"
- "109.660.320"
- "Well done!"
"Correct answer! Amazing!"
"Just like a calculator. well done!"
Safaa
I know and appreciate
how sad you are
because I'm just as sad as you are
I had a dream. Fathi
and got my hopes way up
I know. but I was sure from the start
that Zakaria wasn't
a genius as we were told
Our son Zakaria is just like us. Safaa
He's normal
But we're the ones
who yearned to dream
and wanted to have one
good thing in our lives
So. we brought our son and
humiliated him in front of everyone
No. no
No. Safaa
We did it all for the baby
Please God. forgive me
Fortunately. we are okay
Come on
Let's go so our son doesn't
feel like we left him alone
"The contest got heated. people"
"The score so far is..."
"15 points for Mazen
and 15 points for Dalia"
"As for Zakaria Fathi's score"
"It's zero"
"The seventh question"
"What's the square root of 543?"
"Finally! Zakaria Fathi
finally pressed the button!"
"Tell us. Zakaria. what is it?"
"Honestly. I can't
answer these questions"
"But I can do other things"
- "What will you do. boy?"
- "I'll sing"
"How will sing? This show
has nothing to do with singing"
Let him sing!
Sing Zakaria. sing. dear
- "What?"
- What's wrong with you. sir?
Give the child a chance
and let him sing
"This is a quiz show!"
Sing your heart out
Zakaria. don't mind them
Please. Son
I don't know why I'm here
or what brought me here
But all I can say is we
are a miserable family
and we want to have some fun
Let the boy sing
Come on. let him sing
Sing. sing. boy!
- Sing. Zakaria. don't mind them
- "Oh. night. oh night"
- Sing
- "Stop singing! Stop!"
- What's wrong? What are you doing?
- What do you want? What do you want?
That's what he wanted
but we didn't get it
"Oh night"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
- "and the cool people are driving"
- Come take the kid
- Send someone to take this guy
- He's just a kid
"under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer. a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
Let the boy sing!
Stay away! Come here!
Watch out for your abaya. Safaa!
"Some people deserve to be spoiled"
- "That's who they are"
- No one will go on stage!
- "My beloved overflows with kindness"
- My son will sing!
"The beauty of her eyelashes
alone makes here presence strong"
"She hasn't taken
her rightful place yet"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
- The contest got ruined. Ehsan
- "Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
- The boy is awesome!
- "Beating for its fate"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
- "And the cool people are driving"
- Film the boy
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to me"
"Please stay by my side"
- My son is inside. sir
- I said move
Should I leave my son here?
I'll get him for you. move now
God. please help us
Get in
Issam!
What happened. father of the genius?
Didn't I tell you we'd meet again?
Did the genius get into trouble?
I'll tell you later. Issam
What brings us here. Son?
Safaa
Look over there
How did you feel
after getting on stage
and singing in front of
such a large audience?
I felt so happy and
wanted to sing again
Are you happy that you
got into the contest with us?
Yes
God has rewarded us. Fathi
Who do you love the most?
My parents
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"Some people deserve to be spoiled"
"That's who they are"
"My beloved overflows with kindness"
"The beauty of her eyelashes
alone makes here presence strong"
"She hasn't taken
her rightful place yet"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"Please Stay by my side"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"Some people deserve to be spoiled"
"That's who they are"
"My beloved overflows with kindness"
"The beauty of her eyelashes
alone makes here presence strong"
"She hasn't taken
her rightful place yet"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"Is that the sound of the drum?"
"It's my heartbeat"
"Beating for its fate"
"The pretty girl is in a good mood"
"and the cool people are driving"
"Why are pretty people
under all this pressure?"
"Come a little closer"
"Now that you're close to
me. please stay by my side"
"Please stay by my side"